#summary Hover Zoom Changelog

===Version 2.8 - May 17, 2011===
 * New supported sites: Liveshare, Zing.vn.
 * Bugfixes.
===Version 2.7 - May 6, 2011===
 * Fixed a bug introduced in version 2.6.
===Version 2.6 - May 6, 2011===
 * Images are now shown while loading (can be disabled).
 * New supported sites: !YouTube, Pict.mobi, all sites and forums powered by !WordPress, vBulletin and IP.Board.
 * Better support for Wikimedia based sites.
===Version 2.5 - March 23, 2011===
 * Fixed a bug with image-only pages.
===Version 2.4 - March 22, 2011===
 * New feature: support for downscaled images. This should add zooming support to a handful of sites.
 * New supported site: Nofrag.
===Version 2.3 - March 11, 2011===
 * New feature: images preloading. Available from the omnibar icon and the options page (this may consume a lot of bandwidth though).
 * Fixes for Vkontakte, Wikipedia, Flash objects handling.
===Version 2.2 - March 9, 2011===
 * New supported sites: Vkontakte.ru (partial), Plurk, Vimeo, !OkCupid, Bebo.
 * Fixes for Tumblr (archive), deviantArt (https), Facebook, Gawker.
 * Flickr API usage issue fixed, still needs to be validated by Flickr member support. Hopefully text links will work after that.
===Version 2.1 - February 4, 2011===
 * New supported sites: Wired, Panoramio, Fotolog, Cyworld, Tweetmeme, Favstar.fm, Picplz, Blip.pl, Digart.pl, Maxmodels.pl.
 * Fixes for Amazon, Last.fm, Imgur, Tumblr.
 * Disabled Flickr text links until API usage issue is fixed.
===Version 2.0 - December 29, 2010===
 * New supported sites: Steam, Badoo, Engadget, Joystiq, Switched, Tuaw, 1x.com.
 * Fixes for Facebook (chat box) and Tagged.
===Version 1.9 - December 9, 2010===
 * New supported sites: Rakuten, Fukung, Gizmodo international sites (jp, de, pl, au), Copains d'avant.
 * Fixes for Reddit, Amazon, Imgur, Tumblr...
===Version 1.8 - November 24, 2010===
 * New supported sites: !LinkedIn and Pixiv.net.
 * Fixed support for Facebook (forced HTTPS), Imgur, Picasa, Xing, Gamekult.
===Version 1.7 - November 5, 2010===
 * New supported sites: Nintendo Life, Skyrock, !FMyLife and other versions of viedemerde, Tagged.com, Le bon coin.
 * White list mode: zooming can now be enabled only for some specific sites.
 * Transparency: zoomed images can now be semi-transparent.
 * Fixes for eBay and Facebook.
===Version 1.6 - October 13, 2010===
 * Fixed a bug introduced in version 1.5.
===Version 1.5 - October 12, 2010===
 * New supported sites: Gawker sites (Gizmodo, Kotaku, Lifehacker, etc), !KnowYourMeme, Xing, Threadless, Tshirthell, Stern.de, Viedemerde.fr, Events-gallery.ch.
 * New feature: the loading animation now displays loading progress.
 * New option: load high resolution pictures if available (disabled by default).
 * Facebook: support for more thumbnails and captions. Support for Payvment based webstores.
 * Bug fixes.
===Version 1.4 - October 2, 2010===
 * Fixed a bug with Flash handling.
 * New supported site: Tumblr.
===Version 1.3 - October 1, 2010===
 * New supported sites: CNET, Last.fm, !MusicMe, !TinyPic, !PhotoBucket, Backpage.com, Wretch.cc, Beautify.it.
 * Better Flash handling: the Flash objects are not hidden anymore.
 * Bug fixes.
===Version 1.2 - September 21, 2010===
 * Support for some Wikimedia based sites and jeuxvideos.com.
 * Better Flickr and Imgur support (now works with links to image pages, bigger Flickr photos are loaded if available, Flickr Organize pages support).
 * Bug fixes.
===Version 1.1 - September 6, 2010===
 * New supported sites: Twitter, eBay, Play.com, Allociné, Flixter, Rotten tomatoes, !GameSpot, Ravelry.
 * New feature: full zoom key. Set a shortcut key to view photos using all available space.
 * Flash objects are hidden while viewing images to avoid overlapping.
 * Fixed deviantArt and Google Image Search plugins.
===Version 1.0 - August 26, 2010===
 * Fixed a bug introduced in version 0.9.
===Version 0.9 - August 25, 2010===
 * Hover Zoom can now be disabled for specific sites.
 * Bugfix: Facebook photo albums.
 * Bugfix: Base64 embedded thumbnails.
 * Bugfix: deviantArt mature content.
 * Bugfix: Picasa Web Albums dynamic loading.
===Version 0.8 - July 29, 2010===
 * Bugfix release for Mac and Linux users.
===Version 0.7 - July 28, 2010===
 * Fixes a bug from 0.6.
===Version 0.6 - July 28, 2010===
 * New supported sites: !MySpace, Windows Live Photos, Amazon, Baidu
 * Bug fixes.
===Version 0.5 - July 26, 2010===
 * Added fade effect (configurable)
 * Added 'Action key' feature: images may now be displayed only if Shift or Ctrl is held down.
 * New supported sites: IMDb, Gamekult, Manager.co.th
 * Google Images new interface is now supported. To keep the extension unobtrusive, full size images are shown when the mouse is moved over blue links.
 * Bug fixes.
===Version 0.4 - July 22, 2010===
 * Toolbar button has been moved to the address bar. It can be hidden via the Options page.
 * Links tooltips are now shown as a caption below the full size image (can be disabled via the Options page).
 * Added a small delay before displaying pictures (can me modified via the Options page).
 * Added an option to add viewed images to the browser's history (disabled by default).
 * Some bug fixes.
 * Google Images has been pulled off the supported sites list until I find a suitable solution for the new interface (tough one).
===Version 0.3 - July 20, 2010===
 * New icon
 * Added a toolbar button to disable the extension
 * Fixed bug with zoomed in pages
 * Added support for openDesktop.org sites
===Version 0.2 - July 16, 2010===
 * First public release